[SYCL][NFC] Reword documentation of `-fsycl-id-queries-range` option (#22075)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/UsersManual.md

    less than or equal to INT_MAX, UINT_MAX, or SIZE_MAX. The application is
    responsible for ensuring that it never invokes these kernels with a larger

>     global range. Application code may assume that the return values from the

Author: ```suggestion
    global range. The compiler may assume that the return values from the
```

>     following functions fit within the global maximum range specified by this option:

Reviewer: Bit nitpicky, but I have a slight preference for the prior wording.  Rationale is: this option isn't specifying a global maximum range, rather it is specifying a type and then requiring that that the various ID queries (including those for the global maximum range) fit into this type.

If we want to improve the prior wording, I'd pay careful attention to words like "asserts", "responsible", and "assume", so it is clear what is checked, what is not, and what happens when the behavior specified by the option is violated.

Author: Makes sense. The first time I read the documentation of this option, I was confused about "respectively" part - I initially thought it meant that the return value of `id.get(), id[]` fit within `int`, `item.get_id() and item[]` fit within `unsigned int`, etc. 

How about the following instead: "Application code may assume that the return values from the following functions fit within **the data type specified by this option**"?

Reviewer: I like the "within the data type specified by this option" text.

I don't think the "application code may assume" part is useful, though, for two reasons: first, because the application may make whatever assumptions it wants, and second, because later on we say:

> When an assumption is specified, the runtime validates kernel launch parameters and throws an exception if they would violate the assumption.

How about changing the sentence from "application code" to "the compiler", since the option really allows the compiler to make assumptions it wouldn't be able to make otherwise:

> The compiler may assume that the return values from the following functions fit within the data type specified by this option:

Author: > The compiler may assume that the return values from the following functions fit within the data type specified by this option:

Sure, I like it.

Author: I've updated the wording.

>     following functions fit within the global maximum range specified by this option:

Author: ```suggestion
    following functions fit within the data type specified by this option:
```
